Tracing: Support multiple OTel propagators (#61199)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

### propagation

> The propagation specifies the text map propagation format. The values `jaeger` and `w3c` are supported. Specify multiple values separated by a comma (`,`) to support multiple formats (like `"jaeger,w3c"`). Defaults to `w3c`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The propagation specifies the text map propagation format. The values `jaeger` and `w3c` are supported. Add a comma (`,`) between values to specify multiple formats (for example,  `"jaeger,w3c"`). The default value is `w3c`.
```

Author: thanks - that's better!

### propagation

> The propagation specifies the text map propagation format. The values `jaeger` and `w3c` are supported. Specify multiple values separated by a comma (`,`) to support multiple formats (like `"jaeger,w3c"`). Defaults to `w3c`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The propagation specifies the text map propagation format. The values `jaeger` and `w3c` are supported. Add a comma (`,`) between values to specify multiple formats (for example,  `"jaeger,w3c"`). The default value is `w3c`.
```
